what's up guys it's me again crash pixel
today I'm playing a round of hunger
games and I really have nothing but this
changes plate but yeah I'm sure I'm
going to find something oh nice there's
just already and there's a stone sword
and some leather pants inside cool now
finally I can battle somebody and I'm
going to have a real chance oh my god
there already is somebody I must collab
not good
whoa that was nice
especially the lightning just like the
real Hunger Games so the way this works
is pretty simple everything you need is
this redstone contraption for every
single player and what it's going to do
is once the player dies it will spawn
this lighting effect where he died so
it's like the cannon shot in The Hunger
Games book and film but it indicates
other players where somebody has fallen
and yeah you can commit suicide again
he loves dead
yeah that's that's how it looks like I
think it's pretty awesome and this is
all from redstone this is just one very
very very fast redstone clock and what
it does the teleports and every entity
with the name ID 1 2 the player with the
ID score of one I can just scoreboard
objective set as place or ID em you see
he has an ID score of 1 I have an idea
score of 2 so this part of the
contraption is only for his ID and then
it tests for every player with the idea
of 1 and this output here is going to
turn off once he's dead because then the
player with the ID 1 cannot be found
anymore so once this turns off this
torch turns on first playing the Thunder
sound to every player than giving
everybody the night vision effect for a
very short time like like it's like it's
lightning it's making the sky light for
a short time and then it summons the
cloud particles where the entity with
the name ID 1 is and this entity
actually is just an invulnerable squid
and he's invisible and he has a custom
name of ID 1 so we need one squid for
every player so if I make that squid not
so invisible I can actually remove that
oh yeah you see this squid because he
has the name ID one and he's always
attached to the player with the ID one
and once he dies
can you please commit suicide and not
respond yeah that that looks so funny I
love it
once he dies the squid stays there until
the player responds and so once the
player is dead alga damnit this particle
effect gets played where the squid is
I'm making the simulation of a lightning
and can respond this contraption
actually needs well and you need this
contraption once for every player that's
in the map just for the simple reason
that you cannot test for every player if
he's dead at once that's a little bit
yeah I don't know what's motoring did
there but if you have a total death
account objective and it only increments
by 1
once you respawn and you do not want to
have the lightning where the player
responds but actually where he dies this
is funny
and so yeah I think I'm just going to
summon that squid again
and this is just the way it works I
think it's really awesome now you can
have this effect yeah in your own
survival games in vanilla minecraft this
is really good for meth makers I have to
say thanks to drag moss which I saw his
lightning video in the little Minecraft
end so I took advantage of that and took
the cloud effect and the night vision
but yes so this is how you find out
where a player dies and remember it
correctly see you the next video bye